Remove analytics from onboarding steps, beef up directions (#105)
firebase/agent-skills: skills/firebase-crashlytics/references/android_setup.md

Reviewer: Just like for iOS -- this is **required**, and we should emphasize that :-)

Reviewer: Could the same changes that I suggested for iOS pls be added here, too?

After these changes, Crashlytics will automatically report crashes in your app's native code.

### Required: Force a Test Crash

> To verify that Crashlytics is correctly installed, you can force a test crash.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To verify that Crashlytics is correctly installed, you need to force a test crash in the app.
```
